Use latest release instead of nightlies in tutorial. (#193)
key4hep/k4MarlinWrapper: doc/starterkit/k4MarlinWrapperCLIC/CEDViaWrapper.md

> The following steps have been tested with the Key4hep nightly builds release which can be setup using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following steps have been tested with the latest Key4hep release which can be setup using
```
